[Music]
14 roads you would never want to drive
on some people love riding a
rollercoaster the feeling of having
their heart in their mouth makes them
thrill than high on adrenaline but have
you heard of the ways which go through
the clouds today let's visit the most
incredible and dangerous roads in the
world
they overshadow even the coolest rides
and leave people driving on them
breathless and terrified number 14
Guo Liang tunnel China the GU Liang
tunnel is an amazing 0.7 mile or 1.2
kilometre long mountain road in China
the story of its creation is
unbelievable before its construction
there had been a very dangerous path
with narrow steep stairs which didn't
have any handrails something had to be
done
so the tunnel was built the shocking
news though is that it was constructed
by 13 people they used just hammers and
steel tools but after only five years
they finished it it's about 13 feet or 4
meters wide so you must drive really
carefully number 13
Mike long railway market Thailand at
first sight Mike long market resemble
hundreds of other time markets but hold
on a second is that a whistle exactly
it's the whistle of the train which
passes right through the market stalls
the sellers take their goods away and
fold their tents and seconds giving way
to the train which moves at a speed of
about nine miles an hour or 15 km/h this
is the reason the market is sometimes
called Tala Traum hoop which means
market umbrella clothes number 12
youngest road bolivia yungas road also
called death road connects bolivian
cities of La Paz and coroico
it descends from the height of two miles
to one thousand 181 feet or from 3,300
to 360 metres above sea level despite
the fact that the road is very narrow
even trucks manage to pass each other
however one of them often has to move
back for quite a distance if you go down
this road you'll see a number of
breathtaking loops it forms it got its
infamous name because every year around
two to three hundred people lose their
lives there but there's one thing the
view from this road will leave you
speechless
number 11 air highway Australia if you
look at this highway you will surely ask
so what is so dangerous on this straight
road right this is the longest straight
road in the world with the length of
about 994 miles or 1600 kilometers but
the number of accidents on this
Australian highway built far away from
any towns is really high and the reason
is simple there are no turns on this
road and the landscape is so monotonous
that drivers fall asleep at the wheel
number 10 the nose of the devil railway
Ecuador the nose of the devil railway is
built on the rock which has the same
name it was called this way because
people believed that the devil didn't
want a railway to pass through that
place that's why so many deaths occurred
among the people who built the road
the railway goes to an altitude of 2,000
624 feet or 800 meters until recently
tourists were allowed to ride on the
roofs of the wagons running there but
today it's prohibited number 9 pam ban
railway bridge india pam ban is india's
first sea bridge built in 1914 it
connects the mainland part of india with
the island which has the same name in
1964 there was a storm which hit the
island it overturned a passenger train
and all hundred fifty people who were
inside died that is why now when the
wind speed exceeds 34 miles per hour or
55 km/h trains receive a special warning
signal about the possibility of danger
number eight Karakoram highway Pakistan
China at eight hundred and seven point
seven miles or 1,300 kilometers long
Karakoram is considered the world's most
high altitude international highway one
of its sections passes at the altitude
of more than 15,000 and 91 feet or 4,600
meters summer monsoon rains often wash
it out and cause landslides in winter
weather conditions lead to the closure
of the highway it is also amazing that
you can enjoy the view of 22 out of the
hundred tallest mountains in the world
number seven passes to Gua France this
is the road between the island of Nauru
OTA and mainland France this passage
seems quite common doesn't it it is
until you get to know that to drive
along it you will need to know the
schedule of the tides in fact the road
is approachable only twice a day before
and right after the low tide when the
tide is high it covers the route with 13
foot or 4 metre layer of water there are
special panels situated at the ends of
the road which inform you if it is
possible to pass number six leh Manali
Highway India leh Manali highway runs
through several high mountain passes it
is located at an altitude of 13,000 34
to 16 thousand four hundred and four
feet from four to five kilometers this
road is extremely narrow covered with
dirt and gravel but this doesn't prevent
local drivers from zooming through at
high speeds however if you brave this
road you'll be rewarded with views you
have never seen in your life
number five Tiananmen mountain road
China this road leads to the top of
teman mountain where a buddhist temple
is situated it is only 6.8 miles or 11
kilometers long but it boasts 99 bends
with the distance between some of the
curves less than 666 feet or 200 meters
you need to be extra careful while
driving number 4 road through salar de
uyuni bolivia the highway which runs
through the drive salar de uyuni is
located at an altitude of 11811 feet or
3650 meters above sea level local
landscapes are so unusual that they can
be taken for some extraterrestrial
grounds it is easy to get lost in them
what is even more dangerous cellphones
are mostly useless here it is safe to go
there with a tour group but if you are
unprepared try to avoid going on your
own at night the temperature can drop to
minus 22 degrees Fahrenheit or minus 30
degrees Celsius number 3 road through
skippers canyon new zealand this road
was built in the 1880s and it is a true
wonder of engineering the construction
took only 5 years and it has remained
mostly unchanged since then the amazing
passage has numerous holes cliffs steep
descents and sharp bends when you drive
there you will definitely come across a
lot of surprises such as suspension
bridges but that's the big question
if you will be the driver an interesting
fact local car rental agencies don't
even provide insurance for those who are
brave enough to conquer this route you
can find a way out though there are many
cars with professional drivers and
guides for hire so that you can relax
and enjoy the views
number two the James W Dalton Highway
Alaska USA only 108 point seven miles or
175 kilometers of this four hundred
thirteen point eight mile or 666
kilometer highway are covered with
bitumen the rest is the way you have to
drive on gravel tough weather conditions
winds unexpected changes from two to
four lanes and back and poor visibility
have made this road particularly deadly
the coldest temperature in the USA was
measured on this highway in 1971 it was
minus 82 degrees Fahrenheit or minus 63
point three degrees Celsius there are
only three refueling stations three
settlements and only one medical center
throughout the highway the local police
checked the presence of everything
necessary for survival in the difficult
conditions of Alaska if you want to
enter this route number one train to the
clouds Argentina if you decide to make a
15 hour train journey be ready to pass
through 21 tunnels 42 bridges and
viaducts two spirals and two more
zigzags on the 134 point 8 mile for 217
kilometer road this railway is one of
the highest in the world it's top point
at the end of the line is situated at an
altitude of 13 thousand seven hundred
and eighty feet or 4200 kilometers even
its romantic name appeared thanks to the
altitude sometimes it's so high that the
trains pass right through the clouds
[Music]
if you've been inspired and already
packed your suitcases to travel to some
of these amazing places hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side
we will show you many more wonders of
the world
[Music]